# Introduction 

As online shopping becomes more popular, consumers are relying on reviews to help guide their purchase decisions. The easy accessibility to share and post these reviews are what make them so influential. However, a problem that has arised in recent years is the increasing number of fake product reviews that try to dishonestly affect consumer's choices. Someone could potentially damage a company's reputation with fake negative reviews or a company could add their own positive fake reviews to get consumers to buy their products. This issue could possibly be solved with natural language processing and machine learning to detect fake product reviews. However, in order to train a model for detection, a training set of fake review data is needed. To manually create fake reviews is time-consuming so my goal is to generate fake product reviews that could potentially be used as training data for a fake review detection model. 

Another problem with product reviews deals with the existence of undetailed reviews and how they are displayed to consumers. Typically, the most recent reviews are shown at the top where they will be more likely to be seen. However, some companies use some sort of review voting system where consumers can vote on whether or not a review is helpful and the reviews that have the most votes get shown first. This may seem to eliminate the problem of unhelpful reviews being shown to consumers but not review gets voted on. Also, recent reviews still need to be shown in order for them to have a chance to be read and voted on. Therefore, the problem persists. I want to create a model that can classify product reviews based on their "helpfulness". I believe this can be used to predict if reviews are helpful so consumers see the most beneficial reviews first and make their purachse decisions from quality reviews.

### [Literature Review](literaryreview.md)

### [Back to Main Page](index.md)
